We already have a steer that there is a pons atmosphere at this time of new york
look at this time 13 when the afternoon sunlight in the capital and the environment
but the democrats
in the evening partisan of the night was something less than seven hours
and these and the stadium santiago bernabéu the surroundings a long time ago
that were not so full with so much activity much less before a
League match has two attractions or not
so that the affiliates love him
next year the real madrid josé mourinho is narrated with it being
should be his last game sanctioned
at the expense of what that suggestion of cante and violence of their
statements with
Manolo prized him for a game beyond
argentina started it does not matter if he wants mourinho to remain as it is
is showing since the beginning of the season
he has to keep sticking around always erdogan another site
jose mourinho die
that does not change
the bad
she
'now I use' so
because he can
we leave everything
the eighth of final of violence unleashed by mole moli
because the Galicians but not
efe
then they support, they do not have any left over from now on
the team of josé mourinho and
to continue like this in yesterday
a hard guy
min
handled the process, otherwise the Moorish people will be promoted by
cent and environment at box office in the month of October veteran care
Pastors of Real Madrid we are very well for some time remaining
we live at a time when the financial institution
the title also like 92 percent berlin